For class.

**Battleship**: Ships take up multiple grid squares, with each type of ship having a different number of ships (aircraft carrier 5, battleship 4, etc.). Ships are randomly placed by the program, or the player is allowed to place ships. Whether or not the ships are placed by the program, the program ensures that all ships are within the bounds of the grid. There are two grids, one for the player and one for the computer player (game AI). Hits and misses are marked on each grid. The program notifies the player when a ship on either grid has been sunk, and the program indicates when the game is over and which player won. The computer player (game AI) makes follow-up shots when it hits, so that whenever it hits one of the player's ships it fires at adjacent squares until it has sunk the ship.



10   Documentation explaining how you implemented your game and how it satisfies the remainder of the requirements. The documentation should be in a file named documentation.html, with a link to the documentation file on the project description page.
* 20   Game grid that uses CSS and is generated by JavaScript
* 20   User input in the form of text, select options, and/or buttons
20   User input in the form of mouse clicks
* 20   Dynamic modification of HTML using innerHTML or DOM functions
20   Use of XMLHttpRequest to load JSON or XML game data that is displayed on the grid page
* 20   Incorporates HTML 5 audio tags, video tags, canvas, or local storage
120  Game logic code
* 250  TOTAL
